First Love Church, the best place to be on a Sunday.
I am so excited for what God has in store for us this week.
There are going to be amazing administrations from the Dancing Stars, Film Stars, Greater Love Choir and so many more.
We will then hear life-changing preaching from our pastor, Bishop Richard Ai.
Last week, Bishop Richard taught an amazing message on the wisdom of a sheep.
He taught us signs of people who are not sheep.
And this has made me even more excited for today's message.
We would love to hear what is blessing you, so make sure you like and comment throughout the service.
Without further ado, let's go straight into the service.
And His mercy endure forever.
He's a faithful God.
I don't know about you, but I'm ready to praise God.
Are you ready to praise God in here?
To true and live in God.
our father and our savior, our deliverer.
Are you ready to praise the true and living King?
I can't feel your praise in here.
for his love.
We want to say thank you today as we enter into his gates of Thanksgiving and into his courts of grace.
We want to say thank you, thank you for loving me.
Your Majesty, oh God, no one can compare to your greatness.
We just want to surrender our hearts and worship to say that no one come close to you.
exalt his name.
For you know the Lord is great and he's greatly to be praised.
Amen.
I didn't feel that.
I said the Lord is great and he is greatly to be praised.
So let's exalt the name of the Lord.
We want to lift up the name of the Lord in here.
For he raised supreme in our lives.
Amen.
praise the God, and exalted high, may your name reign in our hearts and reign in our lives, O God.
You press every ministration that's to come, and as the word comes, O God, let everyone have is to hear, O God, and let everyone have the heart to receive, O God, your precious word, may your words speak spirit and life into our lives.
In the might's name of Jesus, we pray, may your path, it will be done, and everyone shall have a glorious amen.
I love it, amen.
As you take your seats.
Well, I have good news for you.
It is testimony time.
The Bible says in the book of 2 Corinthians chapter three that we are changed into the same image from glory to glory.
So I want you to put your hands together as we hear a great change testimony from our sister, Judea.
Introduce yourself to the church and tell us what your testimony is about today.
My name is Judita and I'm from the Greater Love Choir.
And Westminster Center.
And what's your testimony about today?
My testimony is about how I joined church and how my relationship with God became better.
Wow.
So how was your life like before you joined church?
So before I joined church,
I grew up in a Christian family where they always went to church.
And I read my Bible and everything.
I was happy in church, but as I grew up, I started having questions about God.
And whenever I asked someone what my question was, no one was there to answer me.
So then I thought, like, what's the point of believing in God if no one knew why they were following him?
Wow, so you grew up in church and you were happy in church, but you had a lot of questions and you didn't have the answers to them.
So what happened after that?
So what happened is when I joined university, I stopped going to church.
Oh, merci.
I stopped going to church.
I found friends that were not that good.
and they would go out and they would force me.
They'd be like, yeah, come on, you have a good time.
I'm like, okay, so I'll go.
So you joined them in their activities.
Good Christian girl, you joined them.
Oh, okay.
So tell us what happened.
So I wasn't happy, although I was going to all these places, although I just wasn't happy.
So I became depressed.
I started having anxiety.
I just, I wasn't happy anymore.
I would isolate myself and just cry to God.
Yeah.
But, and then after that, when I went back home, my mom was like, you're not the same person anymore.
You went to uni and you never came back the same.
And she was so hurt about that.
That's sad.
Yeah.
It has a happy ending though.
Go on.
Yeah.
I started having dreams of God calling me back to his house.
And then I had this one friend that doesn't believe in God at all, or anything really.
And he came to me, he was like, are you okay?
And I was like, yeah.
And he said that he had the dream that someone came to him and asked him to ask me if I was okay, to make sure to ask me if I was okay.
So there's someone who doesn't believe in God at all, no.
And I was like, wow.
I just thought to myself that,
Okay, God has been trying so hard to call me back into his house.
So why not just try it again?
So I started reading my Bible.
I gave my life to God.
I prayed, but I still wasn't going to church properly at that time.
So that's when I joined fellowships outside and I joined the university choir.
And that's when I met Marini.
Wow, a good friend.
Yeah, and that's when I joined First Love.
So through her, I joined First Love.
I came to church and I had no idea what was going on.
I saw people singing, I saw people dancing.
I was like, okay, wow, this is cool, yeah.
But through that, I met King, who was my shepherd, who shepherd me on how to pray, how to read my Bible, to listen to messages and through the messages,
My answers were answered.
So all the questions you had, your family answers for them.
Wow, I think you should put your hands together for God.
For drawing us back even when we go astray.
So Jujito, what would you like to tell everyone here today who might have the same story as you?
So it says in Jeremiah 2911 that, come on.
For I know the plans that I have for you says the Lord, plans to prosper you and not to harm you.
Plans to give you hope
in the future.
God is loving, God is caring, God is forgiving, He will love you, He will care for you, He will forgive you.
All you have to do is just stretch out your hands in faith and just give your life to Christ and He will do all that you want with it and far better than you planned.
Amen.
Put your hands together for a powerful testimony.
I think you can do better than that.
Keep clapping.
How many of you already feel the love of God in this place?
Do you want to hear from the beautiful, greater love, gospel choir?
Then please put your hands together and let's welcome them.
the song was saying you were too busy moving.
The song said that the Lord is my light, so I'll choose the Lord your light.
Are you sure?
Jesus is your light, not Johnny or Jackie.
Okay, I'm just checking.
I want you to put your hands together and welcome our sister Faith to give us a beautiful song administration.
to be a pulpit star.
Okay, but you can't.
You'll be there in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Tell your neighbor it's time for the word of God.
It's time for the word of God.
Amen.
One of my favorite descriptions of the word of God is in Ephesians chapter six.
It says that the word is the sword of the spirit.
How many of you know that Christianity is not easy?
Even this week, as you've been between church last Sunday and church today, it's not been easy.
Tell the truth and shame the devil.
Put your hand up if it's not been easy.
Hey, the whole church.
But I believe that today, as you've come into the house of God, you are receiving the sword of the spirit to help you fight the good fight of faith when you are outside of this building.
Amen.
So I want you to stand up to your feet and with a shout one to God with excitement and energy.
Welcome our pastor Bishop Richard.
your two hands and let us pray.
Father, we surrender ourselves to you and we pray that this afternoon, let it will be done in our lives.
Speak to us, counsel us, heal us, direct us, open our eyes to see and open our ears to hear.
Bless our hearts to understand, Lord, what we've not seen, heard and understood, Lord.
Thank you for your blessing.
Thank you for your grace.
And thank you for wisdom, Lord.
May we live here as wise people.
Thank you for your great blessing and your great mercy.
In Jesus' name, amen.
Amen.
God bless you.
Take your seats and turn your Bibles to John chapter 10.
And John chapter 10 and verse number eight.
and we are continuing on.
The wisdom of a sheep.
We're still doing the series, God's sheep.
Wisdom of a sheep.
Last week we did a little part of that one to the wisdom of sheep.
is to be, is to be what?
Is to be sheep?
Yes.
You can't get it any better.
It's to be sheep.
And I gave you signs of people who aren't sheep.
So it means that signs of members who have been attained onto the level of being wise as sheep or wise to become what God wants us to become.
Okay.
John chapter 10 and verse number eight.
They say is that all that ever came before me are thieves and robbers, but the sheep did not hear them.
When you are real sheep, you don't hear robbers and thieves.
You hear from your shepherd.
You don't hear from robbers and thieves.
You don't hear from them.
You don't listen to them.
They can't lead you.
They can't guide you.
They can't tell you what to do because they are robbers and thieves.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
So all that ever came before me, that's what Jesus is saying, are robbers and thieves.
Therefore the sheep did not hear them.
Verse nine, I am the dog.
By me, if any man enter in, he shall be saved and shall go in and out and find pasture.
When you follow Jesus, you'll find food.
You'll find blessings.
You'll find good things.
You'll find where you belong and where you are supposed to be.
Okay?
Verse 10, it says that the thief cometh not, but for to steal, to kill and destroy.
When you encounter a thief, the thief steals.
Anything, anything.
Have you ever lost anything to a thief before?
I mean, I've lost something before.
Yes.
We're in Brixton.
Oh, you lost your phone.
This is your phone was taken off you.
Yes.
Yeah.
I've also lost something to thieves before.
I can remember two experiences.
One of them were in church.
There's my car was parked outside.
And then after church, I popped out to see someone.
I went on visitation.
So I left my car on the car park.
The time I came back, thieves have entered into my car.
and taking everything that they can take, everything that they can take, they've taken it out of the car.
On another occasion, another occasion, I was on a flight, I was on a flight with the Prophet.
We had these, we had these wicked crew who didn't want to put us together.
They just literally, and wicked other passengers.
So when I'm on the flight and people want to sit together, I quickly tell them that because I've had experiences before.
And it's so you can have it.
You can have it, just have the seat.
It's okay, no problem.
You want to sit by your mother, you want to sit by your girlfriend, whatever it is, the person is to you, you can have it.
I'll sit somewhere, it's just a flight.
We're all on anyway, even if we are in the engine, we are in the same building.
Come on, yes.
So I remember we tried all the ways possible, they wouldn't let us,
be together.
So, as we were in the air, we're going to Ukraine.
As we're in the air, I said to myself, or we said to ourselves that we'll get out of our seats and stand somewhere and chat.
Yes, I mean, what's the point of being on an airplane where you can't talk to the person that you are with?
So I got up and we found somewhere to fellowship.
But before I left, I had my phone and some other things that were lying on the table in front of me.
So I left it there and I went.
And we talked and talked and talked and talked and talked and talked and talked and talked and talked and talked till they had to come and sack us that we were about to land.
Now, as I was making my way to my seat, the hostess said, no, no, no, I should just sit, I should just sit somewhere, just find somewhere to sit.
Now, she said it would be nice.
So I sat down.
So when we landed, I had to go back and collect my things.
Now this gentleman that was sitting next to me looked dodgy.
Because as everyone was coming out, I was now making my way to my seat.
And I saw him on the way that he said, yeah, your stuff, you're gonna collect your stuff.
Then he added your phone.
So I said, what's this guy talking about?
When I got there,
my things I disappeared.
So I collected my bag, everything.
Hoping that I'll meet him in the immigration hall or wherever.
My guy has disappeared.
People aren't people, I'm telling you.
They're taking everything.
So I know what it means for
to encounter a thief.
And the guy said, the thief, when he comes, he will steal.
And then he will also kill.
And then he will also destroy.
And also I'm a pastor.
I've also experienced people stealing church members.
People stealing church members and people trying to steal church members.
Yeah.
One of the things I have not ceased to amaze me is how many unbelievers there are in the world.
and yet some people try to witness in somebody's church.
Do you understand?
People who are saved already, then you try to reach out to them that you come.
Somebody actually said that she has a calling to snatch people from somebody's church.
That's a calling.
I've never heard such words before since I was born.
You say, yes, it's a calling.
He said, calling for a particular church, which has a particular, not like all churches, a particular church that he has a calling to remove people from that church.
Yes, because it's not a good church.
It sounds like a story, isn't it?
But it's a reality.
But these are the Bibles.
When the thief comes, that is the devil or the devil's agents.
they will steal, they will kill, and they will destroy.
And Jesus says that, I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundant life, receive abundant life.
Yes, that's why he's come.
Verse 11 says that I am the good shepherd.
Jesus is the good shepherd.
He says, I am the good shepherd.
The good shepherd gave his life for the sheep.
Hallelujah.
So we are going to talk about the wisdom of sheep or the wisdom of a sheep, whichever one makes sense, both makes sense.
the wisdom of sheep, the wisdom of a sheep, both are good.
So they will all attain to that level of being wise and following sheep.
You see, there's no point in being a church and behaving like a lion or a snake, because the scriptures don't and didn't describe us as lions or snakes.
It describes us as sheep.
So we have to understand how sheep behave.
How sheep are supposed to behave and how they behave and what they do and what they don't do.
So that you can be a good Christian.
Because good Christians are like sheep.
That's what the scripture tells us.
In Matthew chapter nine, Matthew chapter nine,
36, yes.
But when he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion on them because they fainted and they were scattered abroad as sheep, having no shepherd, not as snakes, having no one to bite, but as sheep, having no shepherd, sheep, having not as wall geckos, having no wall to climb on, or lizards.
or lions or goats.
We're not even goats.
We're not even in palace.
We're not even deer.
The Bible says we are sheep.
It says that we are the sheep of his pasture.
Sheep, that's why we are sheep.
So we have to learn, study, pray, believe God that will have the heart and the mind of sheep with a shepherd.
That's why he said that I'll give you pastures.
He didn't say I'll give you mechanics.
or engineers or bankers or or or or or financiers or electricians that I will give you pastors.
Another one for a pastor is a shepherd.
Shepherd looks after sheep.
He didn't even say I'll give you GPS.
He said I'll give you pastors.
Pastors tells you tells you the picture that God has about his church.
He is a great shepherd.
And he has appointed other shepherds to help look after the flock.
Look after the people that he died for.
He gave his only son to die for.
And those people are supposed to function as shepherds.
Shepherds.
Not...
Not as prambes or carpenters.
Or hair, what do you call the hair people?
Hairdressers, not hair makers.
Hairdressers.
Yes, not as hairdressers.
Pastas, shepherds.
So a pastor is supposed to be a shepherd.
Members are supposed to be sheep.
And even pastors are sheep with a shepherd.
I have a shepherd.
I am a sheep.
The big juicy sheep.
I have a shepherd.
I have a pastor.
I have a pastor who talks to me all the time.
All the time he talks to me.
All the time he counsels me.
All the time.
He is, he is, he is in my life.
Like a shepherd in the life of a sheep.
Yes.
And also last week, our father, our father, our father, our father, the same pastor for 30 years.
Wow.
Yeah, 30 years for 30 years.
That means I've been the same church, same church, same pastor, same voice, same teaching, same counseling, everything for 30 years.
I have not allowed the thief to come and steal me from my church.
Yeah.
I'm not a rhino.
Sheep.
So the wisdom of sheep.
And I think that the best, best place I could find another chapter where we could glean to see
the wisdom of sheep is Psalm 23.
So let's have a quick gentle walk through Psalm 23 to see how sheep speak.
God, there's a sheep talking to his shepherd.
There's a sheep talking to his shepherd.
These are the shepherd talking to the sheep.
There's a sheep talking, talking to his shepherd and talking about his shepherd.
You don't need to be a rocket scientist to figure out when people develop gotish behavior or start behaving like a deer or start behaving like a snake or start behaving like a lizard or a lion.
You can see, if you read it, but you can see that no, this person's behavior, this is not how a Christian is supposed to behave.
Yes, yes.
When we start repelling, repelling God-given things to make us stable and blessed in the church,
We hate it, we fight it, we reject it.
You know, once I saw a gothish sheep.
Do you know gothish sheep?
Like sheep that behaves like a goat.
Is it after you are born again?
After you are born again, after you are saved.
Being like a sheep is not a natural thing that comes.
Don't be scared if you are not like a sheep, a full blown sheep yet.
It doesn't come naturally.
It comes with time, teaching, praying, reading your Bible.
The change will occur.
There are different stages that a typical new Christian will go through.
His first stage will be like the stage of a deer.
A deer like an antelope, an impala, that family.
Deer, they are very fast.
You can't easily catch them.
I'm sure some of you used to be like this.
This is what you're looking for, to visit you.
We can't find you.
Yes, we can't find you.
Some of you have been to your homes before to visit you.
You're not there.
You sent your mother to come and tell me that you are not there.
Yes.
They're here.
They thought that they didn't know that that's what they did.
It's today that they've discovered that I knew that that's what they did.
Yes.
You sent your mother out, come and tell that you're not there.
She didn't even come out.
She spoke to me through the window.
And I remember I said to the person that I was, oh, no problem.
Don't worry.
It's a normal face.
It's a normal face of a new Christian.
When people want, you see, it's like you feel, when you feel accepted, the shepherd or the pastor,
is, is, is nosy.
It's like, what does he want?
Why are you coming?
Why are you coming to visit me?
What do you want from me?
What do you want from
Difficult to catch.
Difficult to find.
I had a member many years ago.
Today she's one of our Lady Pastors.
Yes.
She's even on the mission field with her husband.
Her husband is a Reverend.
She's LP.
Alps.
When you call them LP, then she's rolling her head like that.
And I'll be saying my head, if only they knew.
I remember her in her dear face.
Wow.
Every time I finish preaching, she knows that I want to see her.
I want to talk to her.
But the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God.
Amen.
And I turn.
She disappeared.
So one day, I said today, wherever this woman is going to, I'm going with her.
I would go.
So we shared the grace and I turned and she had disappeared.
And I dropped the microphone.
And I ran out of the church.
When I got out of the door, I looked left.
It's like a movie.
I couldn't find her.
And I said, there is no other place that she's gone to than the train station.
ran to the train station.
It was Chalk Farm station.
Nothing like Chalk Farm.
So I ran to the underground.
When I got there, I ran down to the stairs.
I saw a train that the doors were about to close.
I didn't know that she was on or not.
I'd left my winter coat, left my pass, everything.
I've left everything.
I'm looking for my sheep.
My sheep, that's a deer.
And I dive onto the train.
Well, I got on the train.
I'm sure it was a movie.
You'll hear the music in the background.
So I looked to the left.
I didn't see her.
And I looked to the right.
There she was.
I said today.
We are underground.
The doors are closed.
We will talk.
So I sat next to her.
I can't remember where she was going.
I can't remember where she was going, where we went.
I can't remember how I even came back.
and encouraged and talked to this naughty little girl whose future whose future is a pastor whose future is married to a Reverend minister that's her future but she's made herself you see Satan is trying to destroy everything about the person so the one we are when we are fighting for you chase well you don't even know why we are fighting and chasing for you
So, did you see her with her beautiful children?
Beautiful Christian children.
Satan wanted to destroy that.
But Fran, chalk farm station, nothing lying.
Man, I fought for the soul.
Then she said she would change.
She would change.
So she came back and kept coming and kept coming.
My nice brother that I had in the church said, what do I think about that sister?
I said, no, she's good.
Me, I should say what I know.
I can't say what I know.
She's good, take her, she's good.
Take her, take her, data protection.
So he took, he took the marriage.
Yes.
the marriages.
I officiated their wedding.
On my way to their wedding, I even had an accident.
But I still went.
I still drove my car there.
I said, I've come.
Yeah.
Second stage is the goat stage.
Deer is fast.
I'm around.
You can see me, but I'm independent.
I won't do.
I won't comply.
I won't look.
Hey, leave me.
But I'm there.
I'm not leaving the church.
I'm not going anywhere, but I won't do what you say we should do.
I'm not going to be some compliant person who flows with the choirs wearing red.
I wear blue.
Because that's what I have.
If dancing stars is wearing white, I'll wear black up and white down.
That's an independent person.
The person is there.
The person is there all right, but the person is not even aware that you are at a certain face.
Certain faces, if it's like, look, I'm there, but I won't comply.
Do you understand comply?
Yes, I won't do.
I won't do.
I don't want to be like everybody.
I want to be different.
Have you seen people like that?
They actually like it.
Do you know my categorization that I have for them in my mind, my secret categorization?
They are called spiritual teenagers.
Okay.
Yes.
They are spiritual.
They are not matured spiritually.
They are spiritual teenagers.
Do you know when you were a teenager?
Oh, yes.
That's if you are not one.
When you were a teenager, you argue about everything, isn't it?
You like to oppose everything.
Everything I say, you want the opposite.
You have reasons.
You have childish reasons why it's like, it's not that you feel very good when you win an argument.
Yes, those are the spiritual teenagers.
They are growing, but they are not there yet.
They are full of hormones and patches and all sorts of ideas.
They have theories.
It's not by age.
It's not by physical age.
So they say, if someone is old, but he's a spiritual teenager, argues about everything.
everything is an argument.
Everything they have an opinion and the strong opinion and they never leave the church.
They don't leave the church.
They are not offended.
They are not angry at anything.
They are there but opposed to everything.
If you there fall in their circles, if you are not careful, they could even destroy you.
You would leave but they won't leave.
Before I realized you are gone but they are there.
Okay.
Well, even when they see you though after church, they will even ask you where you are.
They see you in church today.
Not knowing that they are the ones who have poisoned you.
Yes.
They never go.
They don't, they don't leave.
They are always around.
Always around.
And usually they're also their pastor's friend.
They're the ones who come to the front to even say hello to the pastor, chat with the pastor, laugh with him.
Everything, they are, they are stable.
But wound comply to anything.
Spiritual teenagers.
Another name is good.
It's a good level.
They are not good.
I mean, they behave like goats.
But it's a good level.
You understand what I say?
I mean, yeah.
And then the third stage is sheep.
So if you're able to go through a deer stage, goat stage, and you safely land on this, you see, you are very different.
You are truly a matured person.
When you see people misbehaving, sometimes you even laugh because you see yourself in that, I used to be like this.
I used to be like this.
So you see some of you, now you're trying to do things, little sins here, lies there, you see, when I see you behaving, you only remind me of your mother or your father.
When they were my church members.
That's when they were your age.
That's what I, I just said, this person, some of the problems that some problems that people have, I think is genetic.
Yes.
So when you see the way someone behaves, when you have no, you know,
The person's ancestry.
Yes.
You can almost guess that this person, this person is being, his behavior just like his dad.
Or like the mom.
You know you are the second generation on pastry.
There are people here in this room that I'm there.
I'm the pastor of their parents.
I knew their pastors when they were their age, 24, 25, 26.
I was, I was their pastor.
They give birth.
I was even there when the birth was given to them or they were giving birth to.
Wow.
So you are playing some of the games.
It's like entertainment.
Yes, I am the entertainment.
If I come to your house and you send your mom to come and tell her you are not there.
I mean, it's like a movie.
It's like a movie.
Yes, it's like a movie.
It's even funny.
Yes.
It's not offensive.
It's funny.
Because you feel like, yeah, I got rid of him.
No, the Holy Ghost will arrest you.
Anyway, so the best passage
to see the wisdom of someone who has crossed over, is crossed through these faces and these lines and these barriers.
How many of you can see that you are still crossing?
You are not there yet, you are crossing.
Yes, and it's okay.
No, don't worry.
Don't, what do you call it?
Don't give up on yourself.
Because God hasn't given up on you.
So don't give up on yourself.
Your little, little arguments here and there, you know, you never agree, won't agree, takes a long time to see one point.
Don't worry.
One day you become a teacher of the things you are fighting now.
Yes, you will teach it.
And I'll be sitting somewhere across from there.
I'll say, you come and report to me that this person is so difficult.
I said, you see this lady I was telling you about that I ran after her.
One day I met her, she was describing another lady in her church.
and she was so wept up.
And I said, God really has an interesting sense of humor.
Because the way this lady was wept up, talking, these people, these girls, I was, I was, as she was talking, I was thinking, is that not you?
I thought the scripture says that he that is forgiving much, love at much.
But she was there.
I mean, so,
incensed over someone's problem, which is lighter than her problem that she had.
But she had forgotten.
So as she talked and talked to her, I'm sure I just gave her a pat on the back and said, don't worry, to be okay.
To be okay, don't worry.
That's how it is.
You having had to run after somebody.
Use someone run after you.
Left this winter.
He ran through the winter to find you.
Even for God that he left his coat, even for God that he's feeling cold.
Yes.
Hmm.
Psalm 23.
Are you ready for Psalm 23?
Okay.
So Psalm 23 verse 1.
He says that the wisdom, there's a wisdom of the sheep.
The wisdom of the sheep.
It shows you how wise the sheep is or when the sheep has become wise.
He says that.
This is the first confession and the first experience.
The Lord is my shepherd.
I shall not want.
So a wise sheep or the wisdom of a sheep teaches us that God is a supplier of everything.
I was telling someone recently that pray about everything.
everything, pray about it.
Give everything to God.
Talk to God about everything because everything comes from God.
The scripture says that every good gift and every perfect gift comes from our Father.
Every good gift, everything comes from God.
Everything is from God.
When you become a wise sheep, you will learn to attribute everything that you have to God.
That is when you say that the Lord is my shepherd.
I have a shepherd.
I have a pastor.
And because I have a pastor, I shall not want.
I shall not want.
In other words, I will not have needs in my life.
Because even when it looks like I have things I'm missing in my life, I have someone to talk to me, to explain, to counsel, and to comfort me.
And perhaps to even teach me, to teach me how to gain those things that I don't have.
The Lord is my shepherd.
I shall not want.
Everything, pray about everything.
I'm telling you, pray about everything.
Don't become a secularized Christian who feels you need some clever ideas.
You need some clever ideas to get around certain things and to get some things done.
And to say, don't be the type of Christian who will say that apart from prayer, is there anything else?
Don't be the type who will say, apart from the word of God, is there anything else?
Pray about everything.
Everything pray.
Everything and anything.
Pray about it.
Talk to your, talk to your shepherd above.
Talk to your shepherd above.
Talk to your shepherd in everything.
The Lord is my shepherd.
The Lord is watching over me.
The Lord, I am the Lord's sheep.
Therefore, I shall not want.
You will want when you don't have a shepherd.
Yes.
You'll be in need when you don't have a shepherd.
You'll be desperate when you don't have a shepherd.
You'll even be confused when you don't have a shepherd.
You'll be disturbed when you don't have a shepherd.
When you don't have a shepherd, you'll be wondering, what should I do?
What should I do next?
What can I do next?
pray about everything.
And really use your pastest that God has given.
Yes.
Sometimes we don't use our past because we don't see them as things that God has given to us.
The pastest are gifts from God.
What did your boyfriends and girls, what did they give to you?
They gave you cards.
On your birthday they gave you cards.
When God was giving gifts, he gave you pastest.
He gave apostles prophets.
evangelist, pastors and teachers, they are gifts from God.
He said, I'll give you pastors according to my heart.
No cards or a shed or flowers or flowers.
Give you flowers when you don't like flowers.
You just feel like it's a flower that is given so I have to receive it, but you don't feel like flowers.
You don't even appreciate it.
Wow.
Yes.
If only they knew you, they wouldn't buy flowers for you.
Because they know you don't like flowers.
Flowers.
You want nails or eyelashes, it's both flowers.
In which you will send you a pack of eyelashes.
The Lord
is my shepherd.
The Lord is my shepherd.
I shall not want.
There is a testimony of wise sheep.
The Lord is my shepherd.
He's sharing his testimony with us.
So I'm reading someone's testimony.
I'm reading a wise sheep's testimony to us.
The Lord is my shepherd.
Therefore I shall not want.
I won't have certain problems.
You see, if you have a shepherd, you won't have certain problems.
Because the shepherd will protect you.
The shepherd will tell you, stop, don't do it.
Come on, don't do it.
Don't.
The shepherd will tell you you're backsliding.
The shepherd will tell you it's called backsliding.
Now you are having challenges.
It's called backsliding.
Yes.
That's why I always warn you about people who try to plaque you out of a church or out of a ministry.
What they are doing is they are separating you from a shepherd.
Even if everybody say, oh, we go to church, you go to a church where nobody knows you.
Nobody knows you.
Nobody really talks to you.
Why would you like to be in a place where no one knows you?
Somebody should know you.
Someone should know where you are.
Someone should have your phone number.
Like the lady was saying, everybody is calling her because everybody has a phone number.
That's why they are calling her because they have a phone number.
Why won't you like it that everybody's calling you?
It's a blessing that everybody's calling you.
It's a blessing that we haven't seen everybody's calling you.
Why are you irritated that everybody's calling you?
Are you a dragon?
Yes.
Why don't you like it that everybody's calling you?
These are the blessings to have people who care about you, that they'll call you,
text you.
Even if you don't like it, you don't like, you don't want to say what the problem is.
But look, it's such a blessing.
You know it's a blessing.
That man will be checking on me soon.
Why is the deer running?
Because you know somebody is coming after you.
Look, don't start.
Change my vest for me.
Next verse.
He says that next verse, this is a testimony of the wise sheep.
The wise sheep is saying that he makeeth me to lie down in green pastures.
He makeeth me.
He make, my shepherd makes me do things that I wouldn't choose for myself probably.
Yes.
Can your shepherd make you do anything?
That's when we start re-describing things, isn't it?
It's controlling the intrusive, they're manipulative, they're doing this.
He makeeth me.
He will make me do what I would say.
You see, your shepherd is the one who will make you pray every day.
You make you pray every day.
Your shepherd will make you pray every day.
He will call you every, every dawn and say, let's pray.
He may kiss me.
That's that's a shepherd.
He may kiss me, do it.
He may kiss me, pray.
He may kiss me, go to church.
That's why I wouldn't have gone to church.
When he is making you do, you may not enjoy it, but over time, you'll be very grateful.
Amen.
You say, wow, it's one of the best things that ever happened to me.
It's not the greatest thing that ever happened to me.
He makeeth me.
Now, when no one can make you do certain things, then you're not like this sheep.
Or perhaps you're not a sheep.
He makeeth me.
Makeeth me go to church every Sunday.
He makeeth me sing in the choir.
He makeeth me dance in the dancing stars.
He may kept me joined worship stars.
When I can't make you join worship stars, I think you will go to a deer.
Or a termite.
Or a grizzly bear.
Not sheep.
Sheep.
Shepherd will make you.
Shepherd will make you pray.
Sheppard will make you come to church.
Sheppard will make you know God and love God and serve God.
Sheppard will make you read your Bible every day.
He may kiss me.
My Sheppard may kiss me.
Do it.
He may kiss me.
He may kiss me
I mean hardly any good habits that you have.
Someone made you get it.
Most good things, most good things are not things that are chosen.
I mean who would choose to study?
I'm going to study, I'm going to study to pass my exams.
No, no, no, no.
Naturally you'll sleep.
Naturally you eat.
Naturally, you will chat with your friends for long hours.
Naturally.
Those are more natural things that you do.
Let me go hang out with my friends.
Naturally, let's go and drink.
Even some of the things, though they are sins, it's not a great problem.
Sometimes you scrutinize and punish yourself too much.
You are too hard on yourself.
Because what you do and what you have done is only a natural process when you don't have a shepherd or when you separate yourself from a shepherd.
Naturally, you will sleep, you will eat, you will have sex.
Oh yes, naturally.
There's always somebody to do it with.
Always, all the time.
your parents call, you know, you know, let me see my screen save, is that what it's called?
Yes.
I have a video of one of my daughters when the shop, her mom called her and I said, this is the talking to mom look.
There's a look that ladies girls have on their face when their mothers call them.
When their fathers call them, it's different.
When their mothers call them, they have a face.
So that day, I was in the shop with this one.
Her mother called her.
And I think I was moved by the Holy Spirit to record it.
So I have this clip like that.
And you see her on the phone like that.
I said, that's the mommy on the phone look.
And then she says, I don't know what she was asked that she says,
I have.
And if you don't, her mother can't see it.
As she's saying, I have, you're saying, I have.
Oh, mommy, I have.
She said, I have.
And I got it.
I've said it on my phone.
She's always begging me to change it on her phone.
I said, I'll never change it.
I'll never change it.
I will change it.
I have.
Hey.
You make you do things.
That's that's what a mom has called and checking the water.
If you don't you're in the shop with her.
Have you done something this high?
He may be a good shepherd will make you do something.
Is it?
I'm teaching you.
You are becoming wiser.
So you appreciate the visits, the instructions, the leadings of a shepherd.
You appreciate it.
Because you make you do it.
You make you.
You make you do it.
Yeah.
He will make you.
You make you.
Tell that no, don't stop.
Read your Bible.
Have you read your Bible?
Have you prayed?
Have you prayed today?
Which part of the Bible did you read?
Share your quiet time.
Have you memorized the verse?
He make
Are you feeling the making?
I wish I could dilute it and make it lighter and you know more, more, more, more user friendly.
Like everything has to be toned down.
Everything has to be toned down in the world today.
That's why it can't be toned down.
You can't tone down the Bible.
He maketh me.
That's why we come and pick you to church.
Because your friends used to pick you up to the clubs.
Then you come and knock on your door.
Do you know what you have?
Do you knock on the door?
They say, you are not ready.
They say, do we wait for you?
No problem.
We are waiting for you.
Do you even come in and start drinking with it?
It's like the thing starts in your room.
Why shouldn't we come and pick you up to church?
You see them, you see them standing in your room.
There's no music but they are dancing.
the status that we are warming up.
It's that we are going somewhere.
Going somewhere.
That one.
You see that one.
Your your your evil spirited shepherd.
That's your evil spirit shepherd.
He comes.
We are going.
Tells you that we are going.
With the plastic cup and the drink.
that you're not putting on your lip gloss.
That you see him standing behind you.
Your shepherd, your evil spirit shepherd is waiting for you.
God is giving you a holy ghost shepherd.
To make you go to church.
To make you pray.
To make you read your Bible.
To make you lose all the evil company that you have.
Yes.
Holy Spirit Shepherd.
Holy Spirit Shepherd who teach you how to read your Bible and pray every day.
Yes.
He will ask you questions.
He will ask you.
Who is that guy?
He has to ask.
He will ask you.
Yes.
He will make you lie in
your place of rest, your place of prosperity is in following your shepherd.
It's in obeying your shepherd.
When you follow the evil spirit shepherd, where did it end?
Abortions.
It even, once went for a camp.
Went for a camp.
A certain camp.
When we entered the hall,
One of her sisters froze.
And she said she has a testimony.
She said, what's the testimony?
At a camp, we've gone for a camp.
When we entered the hall, it's like, wow.
She said this place, the last time she remembers when she entered this hall, she doesn't know how she went out.
When she opened her eyes, either she was lying in her bed or in the bed of somebody.
But it was a bed.
So when she said, everything has come to me.
Everything has come.
And we've come for a camp.
Powerful camp.
To read the Bible.
See, the last thing I remember.
A few years ago, I came into this very hall.
Then last year, someone gave her a drink.
As she was drinking, then she lost it.
When she came to herself, she was in a bed somewhere.
But God is giving you a shepherd who will make you lie down in green pastures.
He will prosper.
He will prosper with the shepherd that God has given you.
That's that's that's what the wise sheep is sharing with us.
Then he says that.
He leadeth me beside still water.
The next thing the next thing that a wise a wise
The wisdom of a sheep is that I can be led.
Nobody said, he leadeth me.
I can be led.
Listen to this point.
Perhaps it's the most important one in this whole God's sheep series is that if you do well as a Christian,
Are you listening to me?
If you do well as a Christian, you have to develop the art of hearing, which is the art of being led.
You have to master the ability to hear the voice of God, the lovely voice of God, the beautiful voice of God.
You have to be able to hear God.
You have to master, is it like doctors have different instruments that they work with?
Yes.
Different instruments.
So you can tell that this one, this one is an experienced doctor, because when he takes the instrument, he's using it.
I don't know about you, but I like to watch some of these clips in these theaters.
You can see that this doctor, the way he's even maneuvering, maneuvering into the stomach.
There is with it, he maneuvers in.
and picks the thing that he has to pick and comes out and cuts it off.
I mean, you see the person is an experience at what he's doing.
Yes.
And you see others that they talk more than showing us what they are doing.
It's true.
Plenty talking, but he can't, he's not moving.
The higher you go in your work with God, means that you are becoming
used to experience with the voice of God.
That's how God can lead you.
That's how God, you have to know.
Every Christian has to know it.
It's something you must master.
That's what the scriptures say.
Therefore, as many as are led by the spirit, they are the sons of God.
They are the sons of God.
If you're not led by the spirit, I don't know what you are.
I don't know what you are.
But you have to be led
by God.
You have to be led by the spirit of God.
That's why the wise sheep is saying that he lead death me.
As many as are led by the spirit.
Day after sun.
This this this is what you have to aim for.
This is what you have to aim for.
You have to aim after you are born again.
Aim
the voice of God.
Aim.
Let it be your aim that I can hear from God.
Because, because like the scripture tells us, there are many voices in this world and all of them have, all of them have some significance.
That's 1 Corinthians 14 10.
Yes.
There are many voices.
So you have to master to be able to distinguish
Which one is God's voice?
Which one is the voice of my flesh?
Which one is the voice of circumstances?
Which one is the voice of my needs?
Which one is the voice of my age?
And which one is God?
Everybody is speaking.
How come you are led by offenses?
Somebody says something to you and you offended and that is guiding you.
Don't you have the Holy Spirit?
How come you are being led by an offense?
That you are offended.
So now you are given and used to and very shielded to the voice of offense.
No one in your life is like no voice of God.
No voice of God.
The voice of God doesn't matter.
The voice that matters in your life is the voice of your mother, the voice of your boyfriend, the voice of your friends, the voice of your body, the voice of your age, the voice of circumstances, the voice of your grades.
I mean, this is what guides you in life.
No.
No, you have to get to the place.
When you say you believe in something or you have a conviction, you know that ah,
God is speaking.
What's Romans 8.16?
The spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God.
Now this point, this one is telling us about what is called the inner witness.
That is there's an inner knowing or an inner voice
a weakness, a weakness is a secondary voice testifying about an experience.
So they say that the spirits that we have, the Holy Spirit speaks within us.
Because your spirit is within, speaks with your spirit.
That we are the children of God.
That I am born again.
Otherwise, how would you know that you are born again?
He said, are you born again?
He said, the Bible says if you give your life to Jesus.
And so what?
And so the voice is speaking to me with them.
There's a certain knowing that I have in me.
And knowing that I have in me that love.
I am saved.
My sins are forgiven.
I'm a child of God.
I'm heaven bound.
I am at peace with God.
And that same, that same voice, that's when they speak to you about the father, your child, of course.
But it speaks to you on different aspects of your life.
Different aspects.
There are some things when you're about to do, you see that?
You're not happy about it.
You don't like what you're, you're not comfortable.
Deep within.
When you speak, you tell us that you are happy, but deep within you are not happy.
It means the inner witness.
You see, I'm showing you the instruments of the sheep of Christ.
Instruments we use.
These are the instruments we use.
How do you know that you are called?
I know it.
How can I explain it to you?
How do you also know that your mambo is on the phone?
Because you know her voice.
I saw the other day
identical twins, some two ladies.
And they've called.
They've called.
The husband of one of them has brought their little child.
And he's telling the little child that which one is your mom?
Because they all dress the same.
They all dress the same.
Same dressing, same hairstyle.
And they are standing there.
And to their amazement, to their amazement and shock, the little child said, this is mommy.
This is mommy.
And they asked her, how do you know?
I know mommy's voice.
She said, number one, I know mommy's voice.
They said, number two, mommy's face is different from auntie, whatever's face that is a other sister.
She said, what's the difference?
She said, no, auntie's face is round.
Mommy's face is smaller.
But they are identical.
But as soon as the little girl said that, when you look close, she said, oh, yes, it's true.
Her mom is a little slightly slimmer than her sister.
Yes.
How do you know?
How do you know some things?
When you don't talk to someone on the phone and you call the person or the person calls you, you wouldn't know who is on the phone.
But after a while, you gain the experience and you know that, no, this, this is my friend.
You don't even say, who is that?
As long as you answer, as long as you answer.
Hi, let's just say hi.
You just mentioned, say, oh, whatever.
Then you start talking.
Then you start flowing.
It is, it is something that you have to know.
You have to know.
Especially at key junctions of life.
Key junctions.
Who to study.
Where to study what you are studying.
Even your church.
Who to marry.
These are key junctions.
It's not like I want because sometimes you see that the despair.
We are driven by despair to hold on to things.
But you are not at peace with it.
Anything that you see yourself fighting too much for, most likely it's not the will of God.
Yeah.
Insisting, persisting to have and to take.
No.
No, no, no, no.
Crawling with everybody, running away from everybody.
Look.
Learn to, learn to submit.
Submit your decisions.
to counsel.
The Bible says that in the multitude of counselors, there is safety.
If you are sure and secure God, learn to submit the decision you are about to make to counseling.
Don't isolate yourself.
Don't get irritated by advice or people who are interested in you.
If you have God, you have the spirit of God and you want to know that, is this God that I can be led?
He leadeth me.
I want to be led.
Can bring it for discussion.
Bring it for interaction.
Look at this first, Colossians.
Colossians chapter three.
Wow.
Is it the reason?
The reason why we hide fakes is because we know there's something wrong with it.
See a glass of water.
Can you picture a glass of water?
And a drop of blue ink.
It changes color, isn't it?
a little drop of doubt changes everything.
And questions and uncertainty.
And that's what makes people restless.
Because he's male.
He's tall.
He's in the church.
I like him.
He likes me.
But something says.
And then,
And then we go on the course of shouting off the voice of that thing.
And the Bible says that quench not the spirit.
Quench not the spirit.
The spirit doesn't shout.
He's a gentle voice, but very persistent.
You can't easily shout.
You can shout him off, but you can't easily shout him off.
So, you see, he stays there.
You are doing something.
You know what you are doing is also right.
Colossians 3 15.
And let the peace of God rule in your hearts.
Let the peace of God.
Learn how the peace of God will be the voice of God to you.
I'm talking to you about he leadeth me.
He leadeth.
How does he lead?
In a witness.
That he leads by the peace of God.
That, yeah, I have peace with it.
I'm at peace with it.
I'm okay.
I'm okay with it.
That's when you stop running.
That's when you stop arguing.
That's when you stop, you stop hiding.
That's when you stop fighting.
Because you have the peace of God.
This is the peace of God.
The peace of God which passes all understanding.
Let the peace of God rule in your hearts to the which also you are called in one body and be thankful.
Let the peace of God.
Let it rule.
Did you say rule?
Yes, rule.
In other words, let the peace of God be the referee or umpire in your life.
Let him rule.
Let him tell, stop.
Have you watched a football match before?
Or even boxing?
Stop.
Okay, boxing.
No, stop.
No, it's over.
It's over.
Let him decide.
Let him decide that it's over.
You've been beaten.
Yes.
But sometimes the peace of God is trying to rule and guide what we don't want it.
We don't want it.
We are still fighting.
That's because I quench not the spirit.
Don't tell the spirit to shut up in your life.
Don't say to the Holy Spirit shut up.
So he sends people to talk to you.
They're talking to you.
They're speaking.
If you rather you get irritated, why are you irritated?
Why are you irritated?
Why can't you have an intelligent discussion if you feel you're right?
Why can't you hold an intelligent discussion with verses?
With verses, with passages.
Let's read the Bible.
Let's pray.
Let's pray about it.
Why can't we say let's pray about it?
Can we not pray about this then?
Let's pray about it.
Why don't Christians like let's pray about it?
Are we Christians?
Why don't we like let's pray?
Why can't, why don't we like the Lord is my shepherd?
So let's pray.
If we pray, we shall not be in doubt.
Because the peace of God, the peace of God will rule in our hearts.
The peace of God.
You see, you have to learn when you don't have peace.
Stop.
The race is not for the swift.
As long as there's no peace, there's, you know, disturbances, discomfort.
You are not sure.
Be bold like a lion.
This is the time my Bible says you can be a lion.
Be bold as a lion and say no.
Let's stop.
Let's wait.
I'm not at peace with it.
I'm not at peace.
Otherwise, your age is your leader, not the Holy Spirit.
everything our coronavirus is guiding everybody people they shopping.
People are spending above their budget.
Every month they wouldn't have shop this much but they shopping.
C Coro is your guide.
Do you know C Coro coronavirus?
It's my nickname for it.
We cast it in Jesus name.
And let the peace of God rule in your hearts.
And let the peace of God.
No struggle.
No fighting.
Don't be frustrated.
Don't despair.
Don't lose hope.
Let the peace of God.
If God chooses that your state should be a certain way, in 2020, allow God.
Allow God.
and believe that in his time, he makes all things beautiful.
Don't give God an ultimatum.
You're not a Christian.
You're not talking like a Christian.
Don't give God an ultimatum.
God, if you don't do this by October 28th, 2020, I'm leaving the church.
You're leaving the church and going away.
I mean, do you understand your salvation?
Do you know why we are in church?
Do you know why we go to church?
Some of the reasons why you want to plaque yourself out of the fellowship of the saints are rather benefits of being in church.
It's not the main reason.
It's not the main reason for being a Christian.
Wow.
The peace of God should rule in your heart.
God should be able to blow his whistle.
Then you stop.
You don't tell God what to do.
He leadeth me.
He is my leader.
He's the one who takes me.
He's the one who says go and I go.
He says don't go and I don't go.
He leadeth me.
You see when the Christian doesn't have these things.
Okay, Psalm 23.
So he leadeth me, and when the shepherd is leading you, he leads you beside steel waters, steel waters.
So you see that the wise sheep is telling us that, you know, he maketh me to lie down.
And I realize that he's made me to lie down with green pastures.
My dream is where I am.
He leadeth me.
He said, I follow him.
I discover that he leads me.
The parts that he chooses for me are parts of peace.
Where the waters are.
Still waters is different from rough waters.
Some of the things you can fight for it but you have it and you have it with persecution.
You have the thing but there's always a fight.
There's always a fight to defend and to protect and to explain.
what you have acquired.
Always looking over your shoulder.
Always.
You have it.
Everybody is happy with you, but you are not happy with yourself.
Everybody thinks that you have the most fantastic thing.
You are the only one who can't enjoy it.
This is when he leadeth you.
The route he chooses is still waters.
The waters are quiet.
So the sheep can drink.
The sheep can drink.
Anytime there's disturbance in the churches, you will see that the people are unsettled.
When we started this series, I noticed when I'm giving some examples, I noticed that you weren't happy.
It almost feels as though, is there a problem?
Is there a problem?
Is there an issue?
No, there's no problem.
That's the reality of life.
There are bad things in life and there are good things in life.
But everybody likes where there's peace.
Where there's a fight in your house, don't you go out?
You deliberately go out because everybody likes peace.
I mean, who likes tension and problems and shouting and not giving?
Nobody likes it.
You want to go out?
That was the brother one saying,
One of our churches, he told me that.
He said, I finished work around five p.m.
I finished work five like everybody else.
But he said, I don't get to tell about midnight.
I said, why?
What do you do?
He said, do you want to hear what he does?
Should I tell you what he does?
Should I tell you somebody's problem?
He said, he said, I sit on the bus.
He said, double decker bus.
I choose to sit at the top from the five people that have closed from work.
And we go my direction towards my house to the very last stop.
Then I get off.
Then I jump onto another one, come back.
It's a bus ride back and forth.
And then he said, till I am sure he's asleep, then I go home.
You will escape such a problem.
Amen.
It will never be your story.
But he leadeth me.
Do you understand how together?
He leadeth me beside steel waters.
Not I lead myself.
I'm leading myself.
I am my own woman.
I am my own man.
He leadeth me.
When he takes your hand to lead you.
He won't choose what you choose.
And when he's choosing for you, you may think that he's making a mistake.
That's why you start struggling and say, no, come.
But if you follow him, you'll see that.
Wow.
Still waters.
As we walk when you are tired, you can drink.
In other words, you can enjoy everything on that route and everything on that path.
Still waters.
He leadeth me.
Even next day, is it time to close?
How do you know?
There's three.
Ah.
Are you enjoying the wisdom of the sheep?
The wisdom of the sheep.
He's gone and he's come back.
He's come back.
We said, look, I've experienced a pastor in my life.
I've experienced a pastor.
And I'm telling you, this is what I experienced.
I pray.
I ask.
and therefore I don't want.
I am made to lie down and I lie down like a baby.
I am made.
I am made to do it.
Yes, I am made to do it.
I am made.
I am made to pray and I pray.
I am made to fast and I fast.
I'm made to go to church and I go to church.
I'm made to read my Bible and I read my Bible.
I'm made to listen to messages and I listen to messages.
He make care of me.
Then he leadeth me.
I said that's the biggest one.
I wish I could close on that one.
If you can be led, she will be blessed.
Yes.
If you can hear the voice of God.
If you can say God, God has spoken to me.
It's Papa Hagen.
Do you know Papa Hagen?
The late Reverend Kenneth Hagen.
He said, he said, the differences between ministers are those who hear from God and those who don't hear from God.
Yes.
That anybody who hears from God, you see, goes higher and higher.
Because God always gives instructions.
It's Mike Murdock who says that God speaks so much that his other name is the word.
He's always talking, so he's called the word.
He's always talking.
He's not.
He's never quiet.
God always has something to tell you.
Sometimes we just don't know his voice.
We are not used to his voice.
Sometimes we don't like his voice.
Yes.
He's speaking to you through your pastors.
But maybe you don't like it.
So give him though God is speaking, you don't like it.
separate yourself from your shepherd.
If a person can counsel you, I'll give you advice.
Never separate yourself.
No, I won't talk to you again.
I don't want to know you.
Then you start doing hide and seek.
The next thing is next testimony.
Are you tired?
Are you still here?
The next test of the wise sheep is that he restore
My soul.
He restored my soul.
My soul is restored.
My soul.
Where my feelings, my mind, my thoughts, my imaginations, where my habits originate from, he can restore it.
Some of us, some of us,
Some of us, some people sometimes, some of us sometimes.
Our souls are messed up.
Not our uni.
The soul.
The soul is messed up.
It needs to be restored to factory-setting.
It needs to be reset.
Your tastes, appetites, habits, it's all jumbled up.
It's all over the place.
It's all over the place because you tasted some things too early.
Yes, you tasted some things too early.
You discovered pornography.
You see, one of the difficulties for pornography addicts is that they have difficult marriages because they can't be satisfied.
Because what have you been watching?
What have you been watching?
This girl that you have, she can't do it.
She can't do it.
She's not going to start doing it now.
And most of the things you are also saying are not real.
People are acting.
She can't do it.
That is why you see people, they are married, tongue talking, spirit filled, but the soul is messed up.
But still, they are not happy in their home.
They are not happy in their home.
And you see poor girl, she feels she's not performing.
She feels there's something wrong with her.
But you are not the problem.
His soul is the problem.
The soul was destroyed before you met him.
You can't do things you see.
Come on.
She can't.
She can't do it.
She doesn't even know what to do.
So as you have these crazy imaginations, whether you enter with this girl who was born born again,
So may you be healed from all the things you've watched and all the things you've seen.
May you be healed from the lies of Satan.
You see some brothers you see you said they can't they can't even choose a sister to marry because they have this crazy imagination.
They can't even picture that they don't even know what marriage is.
It's a home.
We are going home.
to have a home to be happy.
They feel from morning to evening, from first day to third, first to seven, it's going to be this thing that they are watching with who are having and passing in the house.
Oh, you don't understand what I'm saying.
your taste and your expectation is actually demonic.
Yes.
I mean, no wife here should feel bad over some things.
I mean, of course, do your best up to a point.
I'm gonna say that you should become a dead stone in the house.
Why are you laughing?
It's like I was promoting cadaverism.
No, you don't have to be a cadaver.
You don't have to be a cadaver.
But what I'm saying is that some of the demands, and even you see, some of the people you see, no matter, look, there are people, one, one, one.
Okay, no problem.
What are you now telling me to preach?
I'll be preaching all alone.
Someone who is never satisfied, never satisfied, can't be satisfied.
What can you do?
He's
His soul must be restored.
His soul.
So his appetites become normal.
Normal.
Most people are average.
According to the bell curve, the normal distribution.
Yes.
The highest point is where the mean is.
Mean, mode, everything are the same at the highest point.
Do you understand?
Were you?
The few people who are outside, you know, they skew to the left or skew a bit to the right, but usually the normal distribution care, majority are the average.
Yes, majority are the average.
So when you see those skewings,
You should know that there's something abnormal.
Something abnormal.
And that soul needs to be restored.
You started those drugs too early.
You started, not to, when I said too early, I did not say you could have started it later, but what I'm saying is that because you started it early and as you grow up, so you've had a longer time of the experience.
So you feel this is the norm.
This is how it is.
This office is sometimes when we say wait.
The only reason we are saying wait is because we need to get him off the drugs and the weed.
That's why we say wait.
Yes.
You're looking at me.
This is it.
Yes.
What other reason is there?
You don't know everything.
No, we say wait.
Now you're in the house with someone who
you can't you don't even understand who he is and you don't know who to tell but if you think carefully you were told wait wait because he's still struggling he's still struggling he's still struggling with thanks so he's he's not well he's in church he's in church he's active because we also have to encourage him to be active but it doesn't mean that you should take him home doesn't mean you should take him home
Yes.
He's not ready for home visits.
He's not ready for it.
He's not ready.
He can't.
If you take him, when you cry every day, you'll not even know.
You'll even think that the pastor doesn't know.
So you don't even know how to come and say it, that, you know, I see him in the mornings.
Whether he's walking in the room, that he's catching flies.
You say, pastor, you see, people are laughing, but I've taken serious things, but you are laughing.
I don't know why you're laughing.
You see, but that soul can be restored.
That soul can be restored by Sheppard.
That soul can be restored.
Your soul can be restored from drugs.
Some of us ladies also, you've had very bad experiences from your mom.
You've learned from your mom and acquired your mom's bitterness and hate and pain.
And you are actually living it.
We can tell from your ideologies.
You've taken upon yourself, not even the cross.
Jesus said take up your cross.
You have taken up your mom's problems and your mom's mistakes.
And your mom's nature.
And your mom's anger.
Because you know fault of yours.
You never saw that in the house.
You only saw mom.
And you only saw mom kissing daddy every day.
So now your soul is affected.
That you don't trust any man.
All men are bad in your eyes.
Except me.
I refuse to be bad.
But you see what I'm saying to you is that I'm pointing out something to you that maybe has never been pointed out to you before.
I say that that soul can be restored.
That's not how you're supposed to be.
That's not how you are supposed to be.
The scripture says something.
What does the scripture say in the book of Ezekiel?
It says that the the parents
have bit into something the children's teeth are on edge.
Don't worry, darling will bring it.
She knows versus.
Yes.
Your parents can't have an experience that you are suffering and going to live with for the rest of your life.
And then when you enter into those quarters, it's like, you are not mariable or you can't even relate with you.
Not even just my body, but you can't even relate with you because you are always angry.
Always angry, slightly angry and irritated.
Look, in those days, they shall say no more that the fathers have eaten a sour grape and the children's teeth are set on edge.
You know when you taste something, sir, your teeth feels a bit...
So it's like, whilst your father is eating a Sahagrape, it's your father who ate it.
Now you for the rest of your life, your teeth are... You've never tasted it before.
We don't even know where you got it from.
We can't relate with you.
Always angry, always grumpy, always very, very irate, easily, easily hurt, easily offended.
Does he work away?
What?
Why?
You were just born.
Why did you become like this?
Your obedience to you as some great grandmother.
He restores my soul.
I see your soul being restored.
Amen.
He restores my soul.
Do you be fifty one day?
Don't act fifty when you are twenty-two.
Yes.
Fifty.
Don't be in a hurry.
Don't be in a hurry to be a grown-up.
Don't let the things of life, issues of life force you and edge you.
People's experience, people's mistakes, people's pain.
Force you to become like some super, super nanny.
your soul.
Hey, restore my soul.
We don't let him restore your soul.
Yes.
One of the ways he restores is if I or pastor talking to you or shepherd, shepherd talking to you and explaining things to you and teaching you for your soul to be restored.
You see, but I say sometimes I pray, I pray it's not to you but sometimes you will become so set in our ways that even when we hear the word, we don't want to receive it.
For God to work on us and for God to change us.
The wise sheep is saying, he restoreeth my soul.
He restoreeth my soul.
Those are people with very bizarre past.
They can be changed.
You see, God is using them.
I saw a pastor once, he said, he said, look, I've killed a human being before.
He said, I'm a madra, a pastor, a pastor preaching, married with children.
He's not killing it.
It means that he's changed.
But he said, I was a killer.
I was a killer.
And his wife knows, but she's still married him.
Because she believes in the word of God, that he restored my soul.
The soul of this man can be restored.
And he's restored.
He's a preacher.
And he is saying from the pope that I have killed before.
I've killed them, been to jail, and back.
Nothing one man actually told his son-in-law on their wedding day when he was marrying the daughter.
Look, I want you to know a secret about me, but I can't kill.
But I think that was a joke.
It's like, so make sure that you look after my daughter.
That's what he was.
But I think that one was a joke.
He said, I want you to know, look, I can't kill.
He said after the wedding, at the reception,
He can't change his mind.
He can't he can't say, I want to tell you, I want you to know a secret about me.
I can't kill.
I've not killed before.
What will you do?
You just have to say the Lord is my shepherd.
I shall not want.
I shall not want the Lord is my shepherd.
Your father in law is a killer.
He leadeth me again in the parts of righteousness for his namesake.
That's four.
Yay, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil.
For thou art with me, thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me.
So you see, life is full of different experiences.
You don't just have good experiences.
All the experiences that you have, because you have a shepherd, you say that I will fear no evil.
Evil, evil is the result of satanic attacks.
demonic attacks.
The result is evil.
That evil has happened.
He said, I fear no evil.
Even though even though I'm going through the shadows, the shadows, the presence, I'm experiencing bad things and negative.
They say, I'm okay.
I'm okay because my shepherd is with me.
My shepherd is with me to comfort me.
Is what you have a bad experience.
Seek comfort.
Don't be like Adam and Eve.
Adam and Eve had a very good relationship with God.
When they had a bad experience, then they hid from him.
That's the nature of the fallen man.
But when your soul is restored, even when you have a bad experience, you run to your shepherd for comfort.
Yes, you run to your shepherd for comfort.
And your shepherd will comfort you.
But you see fear, fear, hiding,
They are all traits of the falling nature.
I'm afraid to talk.
I'm afraid to say it.
I think I'll be judged.
I think I'll be cast out.
You know, at least not your words.
What are some of the words that you use?
I'll be judged.
I'll be cast out.
And then what else?
I'll be condemned.
I'll be abandoned.
Why will you be abandoned?
Here, let's just say that.
They comfort me.
They go to your shepherd for comfort.
If they want you are not rebuked, you feel you don't, you are not like, that's why you're not rebuked.
You want to be rebuked a little bit, then you feel that, oh yes, and he likes me.
Well, first several people ask me that am I not angry?
Mr Bishop, won't you shout at me?
Then I asked him, am I a shouter?
Someone said, won't you blast me?
I said, I'm not a blaster.
I think sometimes people feel like, people have different ways of interpreting.
When you blast, he really likes, he was so upset when I told him, I could tell that he really likes me.
He was so upset.
I mean, he really went for it.
I mean, he really likes me.
I mean, I'm so, I feel so bad that I disappointed him.
Here is Norris Doreth.
When I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil.
Can you have a chef here?
No evil, nothing.
No bad thing will happen to you.
You will be rescued.
Even your bad experiences will be, it will be converted, it will be converted into testimonies.
testimonies and the power of God will be seen in your life.
And then verse five, let's be closing.
thou preparest a table before me in the presence of my enemies.
thou anointest my head with oil, my cup runneth over.
You will enjoy in life.
Amen.
And you will be anointed.
And then verse six, surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life.
And I will dwell in the house of the
and ever.
May you always be in the house of the Lord.
Amen.
And I have to say, may you always be in first love church.
Yes.
Don't go church hopping.
Amen.
Do you like if I tell that, this is my last Sunday, I'm leaving the church.
Will you like it?
No.
You want me to stay?
Yes.
Then you too stay?
Amen.
If you want me to stay?
Yes.
Then I also want all of you to stay.
Because if I stay, who am I staying with?
Yes.
If I stay, I want you to be here.
Minami.
Are you going to stay?
Yes.
So when I come to it, I'll have people to preach to.
Well, I said I should be here.
But when I come here, who will be here?
All of you will be here when I come.
Yes.
So be here.
So we're all here.
We're all here.
We enjoy the word.
Don't you enjoy the word?
I will surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life.
I pray that shall be your story.
That shall be your experience.
And I will dwell in the house of the lord forever.
Forever.
Not for not for a few years.
I am a church.
I'm church baby.
I am here.
Forever.
I've been telling you, some of you have officiated your parents' wedding.
I did their marriage counseling, officiated their wedding and dedicated you both in the store market when you came out.
But you see, I'm still here.
You have grown up and I'm still here.
You two be here.
Yes, you two you be here.
Will you be here?
No, tell me if you'll be here or not.
So I can also have my plants.
Yes.
So I can also plant.
If you're going, let me also go.
Should we go or should we stay?
You should be here.
You should be singing.
It's because we are growing up.
Soon you'll see all of you will be grownups and then there'll be younger people, but you'll be there.
I'll be telling them that you used to be slim, but I mean, I'll be telling them that they can't even imagine what you were like before.
It's true, world change.
I'll tell them, not her.
I'll tell them this Lorraine girl, she used to dance, used to dance in the church.
The children will say, are you serious, mommy?
Mommy, how can mommy dance?
To tell them this girl?
I'll tell you that the only thing that hasn't changed is her height.
She used to dance.
They will not believe it, but it will be you.
would be looking at you like they say, hey, this girl.
I'll be telling them, though, your mother, she used to come to it with extra eyelashes.
Her eyelashes grows, it grows by the second.
out the stories and the stories I've been telling you about the others.
This is how it was.
I see it wasn't a story, but it was a story.
Just see everything until I ran after somebody into the story.
Because when I got into it, I didn't even shout that day.
I was angry.
But what I'm not, it's what happened.
It's what happened exactly.
So she came to just smiling.
She's always been smiling, as you say, walking like a sparrow.
Always smiling, always joking.
She was a zero scale in the system.
The skates were above her thighs.
I don't know where they ended, but it was above her thighs.
Because she can't even walk fast.
That's what I said.
She can't even walk fast.
But there isn't much room to move.
To do what I said, say LP.
Hey, you LP.
Look at you LP.
LP.
LP
You will be anointed because you have a shepherd.
Amen.
You see, I'm going to even talk about that because of time.
Yes.
Because I am anointed because I have a shepherd.
I have become anointed.
I wasn't like this before.
I have become anointed because I have a shepherd.
Next week.
Pray for yourself.
Close your eyes and pray for yourself.
Make me a wise sheep, Lord.
Make me a wise sheep.
Lord, I want to be a wise sheep.
Lord, I really want to be a wise sheep.
I really, really want to be a wise sheep, Lord.
Make me, oh God, into that wise sheep, oh God.
Make me, Lord.
Help me, Lord.
Oh, yes, lord.
Cast every independent spirit from attacking you, from affecting you.
Cast it, destroy it.
Cast it out.
Say, lord, I want to be a wise sheep.
I want to hear your voice, lord.
I want to pray to you all the time, Lord.
I want to pray to you, Lord.
Anytime I'm in trouble, anytime there's an issue, Lord, I want to pray to you, Lord.
I want to pray to you, O God.
Pray to you, Lord.
Make me the person who trusts in you, who has faith in you, Lord.
Who calls on you, O God.
Pray for yourself.
pray for yourself.
Oh god.
Oh god, heal my soul.
So, if you need to make that prayer today, my lord, my soul, my soul, restore my soul.
Restore my soul to a soul that panteth after you.
A soul that loves you.
A soul that chooses you.
A soul that lives for you.
A soul that lives to please you and you alone.
Restore my soul, oh god.
heal me from addictions, negative addictions and evil and wicked habits, lord.
heal me from them, oh god.
pray for yourself.
everybody pray.
pray that you
from fear, from doubts, from questions.
Healing, healing, healing, healing from fear.
Being paranoid all the time.
Healing, healing, healing, healing.
To be a man of hope, but you may be a man of faith.
Pray for yourself.
Restore our souls, O God.
I pray, Lord, let our souls be restored, O God.
Oh Jesus.
Change us.
Affect us.
Let your word affect us.
Let your word change us.
Let your word heal us.
Oh God.
Let our past be healed.
Give us, Lord, a new life.
You strength, Lord.
Hope, Lord.
Hope will come.
We pray that we'll have hope for God.
We pine depression.
We pine confusion.
We pine all forms of delusions, negative thoughts and imaginations, O God.
We cast them, Lord.
In the name of Jesus, O God.
He last Lord.
Let faith rise with the congregation, Lord.
Let faith increase, oh God.
Let us see possibilities.
Let us see hope, oh God.
Let us see greatness, Lord.
Let us see victories, Lord.
Let us see success, Lord.
Let us see breakthroughs, oh God.
Let us see possibilities, oh God.
Oh God.
It is possible.
It will work.
He will see victories.
He will see greatness.
He will see success.
Your desires, your desires shall not be cancelled.
May your souls be healed.
Thank you Father.
Father we thank you.
Thank you Lord.
Love the spirit of wisdom.
Rest on us Lord.
and be with us and be on us, O God.
May we have the spirit.
May we have the spirit of the wise, O God.
May we be wise sheep, O God.
To say the Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want Lord.
May we have respect for the office of the shepherd, Lord.
that it may be well with us Lord.
That it may be well with us Lord.
Thank you Father for today.
Thank you for your blessing.
Still in prayer while every eyes closed, every head is bowed, still praying.
I want to pray for you especially if you're here today.
You want to say pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus.
I'm a lost soul.
I want my sins to be forgiven.
I want my sins to be washed away.
I want my name to be written in the book of life.
Pastor, please pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus today.
I want Jesus to be the Lord of my life.
While every eyes closed and every head is bowed, if you are here like that, you will say, Pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus.
Very quickly lift up your right hand wherever you are and I'll pray with you.
Just your right hand.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus in my life.
Lift up high so I can see you.
God bless you.
High, high, high.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus.
God bless you.
Yes, I can see you.
I can see you now.
I need Jesus.
I need Jesus in my life.
I want Jesus in my life and in my heart.
Pastor, pray with me.
I'll pray with you.
Just your right hand.
Lift up and I'll pray with you.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus.
I want Jesus.
Just your right hand and I'll pray with you.
Thank you.
God bless you.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus in my life.
God bless you.
God bless you all.
Now, if you have your hand lifted up, I want you to do one more thing.
I want to come out of your seat and come to me.
Come to me.
I'm right here.
My hand is up.
You can see me.
Come.
Come from wherever you are.
Even if you didn't lift up your hands, but you want to give your life to Jesus, still come.
Come.
Come to where you can see my hand.
Come all the way.
I need Jesus.
I want Jesus.
Yes, there is room.
Come to Jesus.
Yes.
Come to Him now.
inviting you.
God is calling you.
Yes.
There is still room for one.
Are you that one?
Come to Jesus.
Don't say tomorrow.
Don't stay out of that time.
Now, come.
Come.
I'm waiting for one more soul to come to Jesus.
Yes.
Those some have come, they're still room for one.
They're still room for you.
We are singing one more time just for you.
Come to Jesus today.
Close your eyes, bow your heads with me.
Let's say this prayer.
And those of you in front, I want you to say this prayer after me.
And the whole church will help you.
who supports you as you say this prayer.
So Chetwe say it out loudly, boldly, confidently.
So those of you who say it, don't think it.
Say it out as your prayer.
So I'll lead you when I say that you say it after me.
Say heavenly father.
Heavenly father.
Say it again.
Say heavenly father.
Heavenly father.
I come to you today.
Just as I am.
I am a sinner.
I am a very bad person.
Please forgive me.
Please have mercy on me.
Please have mercy on my life.
I believe in Jesus.
I believe Jesus died for me.
And he rose up on the third day.
Lord Jesus, I believe you are alive.
Please come into my heart.
Be the lord of my life.
Heavenly father, please wash me with the blood of Jesus.
Please write my name in the book of life.
Now say Satan, listen carefully.
I will no longer
I am born again.
I am born with the blood of Jesus.
I belong to Jesus.
I no longer belong to you.
Get out of my life.
In Jesus' name.
Now say again thank you father.
Thank you father.
For accepting me.
And making me a child of yours.
in Jesus name.
Amen.
Say amen again.
Say your loudest amen you've ever said in your life.
God bless you.
Now we have these books for you that we'll need to receive.
It's free.
It's for you.
Read it.
Study it.
Learn it.
Be a master of this book.
Really it will help you to be a stable, strong Christian.
Now are the close of service very quickly?
Who would like to see you right here, where these brothers are wearing these colorful ties?
I believe that soon some of you will join Dancing Stars.
There's nothing to do to join them, you can join them today.
So are the close of service just come this way, we'll talk to you briefly, all of you with their books.
Come right to my right hand side here, we'll speak to you briefly.
And then you may go home after that.
God bless you.
Please go back to your seats.
Beautiful.
Are you excited today?
Only good things will happen to you this week.
Only blessings will come your way this week.
I cancel every bad news.
I cancel every evil news.
I cancel every disease from affecting your life.
I cancel every disease from affecting your loved ones.
In Jesus' name, be protected by the blood of Jesus.
Be covered by the blood of Jesus.
If you believe this shout amen.
If you believe this shout, this is my story.
It shall be your portion.
Amen.
No evil shall fall on you.
Take your seats as we receive the communion.
Father, our faith and our hope is in you.
We trust in your name, our healer, our deliverer, our shield, our
Our hope is in you.
Save us Lord.
Save us from this disease.
Save us from death.
Save us from destruction.
Save us from the wicked one.
Deliver us all God.
We come to you in this time of the communion Lord.
This is the reason why Jesus died for us.
To save us from our sins.
And to heal us of our diseases and our sicknesses.
our infirmities, he took it upon himself.
Lord, this is our faith, Lord.
May we escape.
According to your word, you will make a difference between Israel and Egypt.
Oh God, make a difference in this season.
Make a difference in this time.
Make a difference between Israel and Egypt.
Between those who trust in you and those who don't trust in you, oh God.
Make a difference, oh God.
Save us and bless us, Lord.
I bless every cup and I bless every bread and I declare in the name of Jesus that this is the body of Christ and this is the blood of Jesus as we eat and we drink Lord whatever sickness could not affect Jesus it shall not affect us whatever power of hell could not affect the life of Jesus it shall not affect us Lord.
Herein is our faith lord.
Let there be a blessing and may we escape lord.
Give unto us a testimony that we escaped by your messes and by your help.
The body of Christ.
Eat it.
The blood of Jesus.
The precious blood of Jesus.
Drink all of it.
Beautiful.
Father, we thank you for peace.
And we thank you for health.
We thank you for your blessing.
Thank you that there shall be no loss.
There shall be no casualty.
There shall be no death in Jesus' name.
Amen.
We'll say a better amen.
God bless you.
What an amazing service that was.
Thank you, Bishop Richard, for that powerful word of God.
You can relive the first love experience by re-watching this video again on the First Love Church UK Facebook page.
You can also download the First Love Church UK podcast and listen to more powerful messages preached by Bishop Richard Iey.
Church next week will be held at 1.30pm, so be sure to come along and invite a friend.
You can also watch online from 1.30pm.
That's it from me.
Thank you for watching.
Have a blessed week.
I can do it